whoo hey it's me Destin welcome back to
smarter every day so I am in Rhode
Island and it's snowing in here but
you'll notice that the roads are working
because they know how to deal with snow
unfortunately in the south we don't know
how to deal with snow so if this happens
we all get stuck inside so I'm trying to
fly it home but I have a really cool
announcement today on smarter every day
on like Twitter and Facebook we're gonna
start distributing these infographics
we're gonna come up with these really
cool graphics that it's like trying to
make smarter every day truly every day
so if you don't mind go to smarter every
day on Twitter Facebook the infographics
look like this it's really cool today's
is how to make snow now it'll work today
because it's so cold if you're frozen
over in the south but you don't have
snow just go get this infographic put it
on Pinterest or whatever give it to all
your friends so if you're stuck at home
you can make snow and the kids can go
sledding or you can have fun or make a
snowball fight or something like that
anyway I really appreciate it I'll leave
the link below Twitter Facebook you can
put it on Pinterest whatever I would
really appreciate your help distributing
it because I think it has an operative
an opportunity here to make a lot of
people happy by teaching them cool stuff
on the internet you know use the
internet for cool stuff anyway I'm
Destin you're getting smarter every day
I'll leave links below you can find the
graphic and you can give it to whoever
you want
anyway get smarter every day have a good
one cold so cold
it's not Wisconsin or Minnesota but
we're having fun and we love each other
right